BeforeBattle	AfterDeath	Empty
Hah, what a sorry looking group of weaklings!	I feast on your flesh!	
That's your team? Oh… I expected more.	I will make a mantle out of you!	
We will try to make it as painless as possible. No wait... We will make it as painful as possible. Sorry.		
Throw down your weapons and lay down! We will make it painless.		
So handsome... I think I will take a piece of you as a souvenier.		
Don't worry, I will make you pretty.		
I think your face will get along well with my fist.		
Your weapon look a bit small. You know they come in adult sizes too, right?		
Yech, put on a helmet, will you? A mask or a sack will do too…		
You poor, poor thing. You look like someone who really should have been wearing a helmet.		
To let a beast like you participate… What an insult to this fine event.		
Ugh. It seems l will have to thoroughly clean my sword after this.		
What brought you in here? Hubris, insanity or a general lack of wit?		
Pretty as an ogre, smart as a boot and equipped with an aggresively offensive smell. You really are the full package.		
You look like a habitual grass-eater.		
It seems you are quite methodical with your incompetence.		
Why must you taint this battlefield with your worthlessness?		
You look like someone who eats candles.		
I will make sure they send condolences to your mother. I promise.		
You have nothing to fear. Death is but an inevitability.		
I saw a vision of you dying. It was glorious.		
I need something to polish my blade with. Your face will do.		
This is it. This is the moment where you peak. You will have the honor to be ended by me.		
I suspect this will be an unmitigated waste of my time.		
Your presence is a testament to the obscenity of our world.		
You remind me of something I saw in the latrine this morning.		
Your perseverance is inspiring, but you need not struggle anymore. I will release you of your burdens.		
I will honor your courage with a quick death.		
You poor thing. Did they not feed you adequately when you were little?		
Stupidity might be your birthright, but must you flaunt it?		
You are not worthy of my blade. But alas, I must tolerate this insult.		
Which god did I offend to be subjected to your presence?		
To have to rid of such a lowly being... Fate is not kind to either of us today.		
Your face is an affront to the beauty of this world.		
